# portfolio

This portfolio is a condensed collection of links to some of my digitalized work across various formats. It introduces myself and my aesthetic to potential employers, in order for them to get a feel for my creative and technical skills. The collection includes relevant pieces of work in photography, writing, and videography, as well as links to social platforms, and a brief description of my academic experience. I consider it to be a personally-curated "hub" to my various digital works and ventures. (You told me not to worry about linking the pages to the outside content so they are not actually linked, but if I were to use this site as a hub, obviously they would be linked.)

When beginning to code this site, I found myself surprisingly confident. I am quite proud of well I have been doing in web development this year despite the technical challenge it brings. I would say my biggest difficulty with this project was honestly time management. The end-of-the-year burnout and regular burnout I have been feeling for some time made it a challenge to get started. However, once I started, I instantly got into the zone. The biggest technical challenge however, was centering and aligning my site content. Just going between display functions, margins, etc, I found myself getting a little confused. Trial and error certainly helped get my content aligned (almost) how I wanted. I had planned to have my header and footer be a darker colour, but alas the coding alignment gods were not with me on that one. Despite the challenges, I got more comfortable with alignment, as well as using grids and image sourcesets.

Prior to beginning the coding, I used Photoshop to resize the images and icons I used so that they would be formatted well for the site. I also made a list of all the hex colours I used and images sizes from the prototype. To make the site, I did HTML first for every page. Then I began the CSS, and actually remmebered to do mobile first! I kept my broswer window open at a small size to style the site for mobile, including grids, sizes, etc. Then I did just one media query for screens 600px wide or larger, as the tablet and desktop prototypes had the same layout really. Then I validated the code, went back in and neatened it, and then added a little extra 'jush' for safe measure. Which now brings us here! Thank you Travis for a great semester and for being such an awesome teacher!

Image Sources:
all photography + logo: Me
icons for social media: icons8.com 